the silence invades me creating their
atmospheres studying friendships that
they make a life prosperous and the
search for a balance the destination
you will lose good and bad things and so on
we will have to see how to open the rooms and
plan on this flight a flight with
scales in mournful memories between
sky and the ground there is a place where
I lose myself I want to stop dreaming about being
something and start doing it hug my
family but I do not dare to do it and not
I can understand where this is hidden
invisible mental barrier I know you're
spiritual an indefinable shit is that
despair to be mortal know that today I am
and tomorrow maybe he will die for that and himself
I give everything I can because the
beauty is a passing stage for more
do not want it from death nobody
escapes sooner or later catches you and only
bones are left while the system
silk and you get tangled up burns your head like that
to believe that in money and power
is the fortress I do not want to look like a
analyst I only seek to understand my own
point of view I consider myself an idealist
without great ideals my rap is an edge
from these slums a cursed artist of
occasional positive thoughts
as much collateral damage as snacks
to existential crises have become
in subversive emitter of lives
artificial I follow the signs in each
pulsation using channels that
tune the heart I consider myself
responsible for your arrhythmia if your pressure
blood increases this tireless
expression of each tormenting line
that alchemy applied on the
cyclothymia my biggest wish is that
this micro dyes your vineyard while in
each verse the planets line up in a
universe that expands do not ask me to
you change if I am where I am or where I have
I just want to get carried away by the
instinct find my place out of this
labyrinth that is my body and I paint you
something different outside my own space
out of me
me time and I confess of what I
I regret and although I go back to the beginning
again and I try and I snuffed it is the
preface with which satiate the time and
although today I am prone to feel
defenseless equally transparent in
being is not in a paper something donated
is on a lined paper and ringed the
lines are alleys where
I find my past traced in words
entwined a psychologist who always
is on duty for a nocturnal being that
he feels overwhelmed committed to
talk about what many have been silent
limited by a poetic structure
misplaced in a culture of aesthetics
of airtight labels and airtight
was frantic where the oligarch has
let the reaper turns
multifaceted ethics responds to a
pathetic and erratic idea that hides
racism but on the horizon we all
we find the same thing for me life
a mechanism is summarized in texts in
that countered your elitism today migo
centrism is a weak feeling this
division and even then I feel like
write and celebrate that we are
for living let open a new April before
the routine rush novel that reveals a
common civilization of imaginary worlds between
a parallel life and hostile my mind
flies towards instants instants but at
otherwise the truth is not so
interesting challenging
challenges me to move forward through
this sidewalk so strange so
I free myself from the herd but is this what
I want or everything is a hoax I'm still
that outsider looking for that answer and in
middle of the crowd is considered a
hermit
we go
I just want to get carried away by the
instinct find my place out of this
labyrinth that is your body and I paint you
something different outside my own space
out of my own time and I confess of
what I regret and although I go back to
I start again and I try and
while you see the preface with which
came out on time and even though today
prone to feeling helpless
equally transparent alike while
40 equal while the wind
do not